Clarify workload installs by SDK and app targets (#36243)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/webassembly-build-tools-and-aot.md

## .NET WebAssembly build tools

The .NET WebAssembly build tools are based on [Emscripten](https://emscripten.org/), a compiler toolchain for the web platform.

To install the build tools as a .NET workload, use ***either*** of the following approaches:

* For the **ASP.NET and web development** workload in the Visual Studio installer, select the **.NET WebAssembly build tools** option from the list of optional components. The option ensures the following:
  * The workload is installed for the latest .NET SDK.
  * When a new version of Visual Studio is released and it contains a new .NET SDK, the option installs the workload for the new SDK.

> * Alternatively, execute the following command in an *administrative command shell* for the latest workload and latest .NET SDK installed on the system:

Reviewer: 🤔

```suggestion
* Alternatively, execute the following command in an *administrative command shell* to install the latest workload to the latest .NET SDK available on the system:
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the "latest" word, but I don't have a better word for you

  ```dotnetcli
  dotnet workload install wasm-tools
  ```

> To target a prior .NET release for a given .NET SDK, install the `wasm-tools-net{MAJOR VERSION}` workload:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To target a prior .NET release with a given .NET SDK, install the `wasm-tools-net{MAJOR VERSION}` workload:
```

* The `{MAJOR VERSION}` placeholder is replaced with the major version number of the .NET release you want to target (for example, `wasm-tools-net8` for .NET 8).
* Workloads are installed per .NET SDK. Installing the `wasm-tools` workload for one SDK doesn't make it available to other SDKs on the system.
* You must install the appropriate workload for each .NET SDK version you intend to use.

The following list shows which workload to install for each .NET SDK, depending on the apps that you plan to target. Although multiple rows may contain the same workload name, the workloads always differ slightly for each particular .NET SDK.

<!-- UPDATE 10.0 - Surface new content 

> * .NET 10 SDK

Author: ```suggestion
* Using the .NET 10 SDK
```
